Be professional
it’s a pleasure to be here and I am very excited about this opportunity.
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to interview today.
I am very exited to have the opportunity to be interviewed here in Amazon.
Show your curiosity
research the company before interview
come up with two or three reasons you want to work for the company
mission statement, product and service information, principles’s backgrounds
check company financials through US securities and Exchange commision
Know your stuff
use STAR
situation
task
action
results
Leadership principles

Amazon
Top Internet Retailing Company
Our vision is to be earth’s most customer-centric company; to build a place where people can come to find and discover anything they might want to buy online
product lines
kindle e-readers
Amazon Prime
Echo
Fire tablets
media
use independent, third-party shippers






Why Amazon?
Amazon is a top internet retailing company with a strong focus on customer experience and obsession. Its motto- work hard, have fun, make history, and it’s vision, earth’s most customer centric company, inspires me. I’m a person who respect hard working and care a lot about customer experience, so the culture of Amazon attracts me a lot. Furthermore, the growth of this company is pretty impressive, it’s not only an online retail shop but also has a wide range of products like Alexa, Kindle, fire tablet and TV, Amazon cloud service, etc. Hundreds of thousands of talented engineers are working passionately here, building innovative system and solving problems at unprecedented scale. Therefore, this is a place where I can learn a lot, and use my skills and experience to make things happen with a team.

Why choose this position?
The job I have applied is the software development position in Amazon Books, I am interested in this position because:  
First of all, Amazon Books uses innovative technology to merge physical and online worlds into one unique and delightful shopping experience. The concept is really cool and pioneering. I am really excited about learning and using new technologies to create new exceptional experiences that firmly obsess customers.
Secondly, I’d like to work with solutions from a full-stack point of view, by engaging with requirements, frontend, middle tier, backend, storage, and all the other stuff, I can understand problems and solutions thoroughly, and thus scale and optimize them with the best practices.
Thirdly, I’m happy to work in an environment with a lot of challenges so that I’ll never be boring. In Amazon, I can take ownership of the projects I am truly passionate about. I am sure I can take the challenges and provide successful solutions.

Introduce yourself
- My name is X. I’ve been working on software design and development related work for past two years. My experience includes communicating and analyzing user requirements, authoring functional requirement documentation and workflows, building wireframes and interactive prototypes, and then helping implement web applications within a team. The web applications I helped design and develop all meet to user needs very well and also have great user experiences and elegant UIs. The modules and features I’ve developed includes document metadata and status management, news tag prediction and recommendation, online collaborative coding platform, etc. I’m especially passionate about working on solutions from a full-stack standpoint, because by understanding user requirements as well as overall system architecture thoroughly, I can deliver products with both great performance and easy-to-use experience. I am also happy to learn new technologies and incorporate them with what I’ve been doing. Keeping learning and being curious always refreshes my mind with better designs and solutions.





Describe a situation where you had a tight deadline and how did you handle that deadline.

In order to reduce and face the stress of a deadline, I make sure that I have mapped out all of the tasks that I need to complete to finish the project before deadline, 
including quality checks and confirming all aspects of the project are in place. 
In general, I would try to complete all of the most difficult aspects of the project first, so that the deadline does not feel as difficult. 
I also communicate with every member of the team and the client to make sure that everyone is on the same page and let them know what needs to be completed next.


Most challenging project?

The most challenging project I’ve done was a student's tracking system, it’s like a profile website but with interactive features. The most challenging part was to incorporate cloud drive system onto our website, that is, students or teachers can upload any material to their profile, being securely saved and fetched directly.
It was challenging because I was supposed to come up with the solution and implement it by myself, and I have never developed something like this before.
So I started with composing a simple demo first, the work I’ve done included researching google drive document code, listing core features I needed, building functions, and designing UI. With the sample demo, I had a good understanding on how the application would work. Then, I googled and read a lot of system design solutions for products with similar features, like Google drive, dropbox, etc. With what I’ve read, I was able to draft out my own solutions and selected corresponding technologies.
I implemented it successfully within the given time, and my solution received a positive feedback because it is not only working well, but user-friendly. Throughout this process, I learned that it is important to be curious and keep learning, try to read as many technical blogs or articles as you can, the more you read, the better you’ll ace a problem or design. The feeling of ownership is very important, some other students just gave up with the excuse “I don’t know how to do it"















